Moose docs image alt text (#30946)
idaholab/moose: tutorials/darcy_thermo_mech/doc/content/workshop/problem/step09.md

## Step 9: Results

!media darcy_thermo_mech/step09_result.mp4

>        alt=Time evolution of temperature and VonMises stress from the above simulation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       alt=Time evolution of temperature and Von Mises stress from the above simulation.
```
